Rk -- Rank
This is a count of the rows from top to bottom.
It is recalculated following the sorting of a column.

Nation -- Nationality of the player.
First, we check our records in international play at senior level.
Then youth level.
Then citizenship presented on wikipedia.
Finally, we use their birthplace when available.

Pos -- Position
Position most commonly played by the player.
GK - Goalkeepers
DF - Defenders
MF - Midfielders
FW - Forwards
FB - Fullbacks
LB - Left Backs
RB - Right Backs
CB - Center Backs
DM - Defensive Midfielders
CM - Central Midfielders
LM - Left Midfielders
RM - Right Midfielders
WM - Wide Midfielders
LW - Left Wingers
RW - Right Wingers
AM - Attacking Midfielders

Squad -- Team 
Team the player is part of.

Comp -- Competition
Competition
Number next to competition states which level in the country's league pyramid this league occupies.

Age -- Current age
Age at season start
Given on August 1 for winter leagues
and February 1 for summer leagues.

Born -- Year of birth

MP -- Matches Played
Matches Played by the player or squad

Starts -- Game or games started by player

Min -- Minutes

90s -- 90s Played
90s played
Minutes played divided by 90

GA -- Goals Against
Goals Against

GA90 -- Goals Against/90
Goals Against per 90 minutes

SoTA -- Shots on Target Against
Shots on Target Against

Save -- Saves
Total of Saves

Save% -- Save Percentage
Save Percentage
(Shots on Target Against - Goals Against)/Shots on Target Against
Note that not all shots on target are stopped by the keeper, many will be stopped by defenders
Does not include penalty kicks

W -- Wins
Wins

D -- Draws
Draws

L -- Losses
Losses

CS -- Clean Sheets
Clean Sheets
Full matches by goalkeeper where no goals are allowed.

CS% -- Clean Sheet Percentage
Clean Sheet Percentage
Percentage of matches that result in clean sheets.

PKatt -- Penalty Kicks Attempted
Penalty Kicks Attempted

PKA -- Penalty Kicks Allowed
Penalty Kicks Allowed

PKsv -- Penalty Kicks Saved
Penalty Kicks Saved

PKm -- Penalty Kicks Missed
Penalty Kicks Missed

Save% -- Save% (Penalty Kicks)
Penalty Save Percentage
Penalty Kick Goals Against/Penalty Kick Attempts
Penalty shots that miss the target are not included

Gls -- Goals
Goals scored or allowed

Sh -- Shots Total
Shots Total
Does not include penalty kicks

SoT -- Shots on target
Shots on target
Note: Shots on target do not include penalty kicks

SoT% -- Shots on target %
Percentage of shots that are on target
Minimum .395 shots per squad game to qualify as a leader
Note: Shots on target do not include penalty kicks

Sh/90 -- Shots Total/90
Shots total per 90 minutes
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader

SoT/90 -- Shots on target/90
Shots on target per 90 minutes
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader
Note: Shots on target do not include penalty kicks

G/Sh -- Goals/Shot
Goals per shot
Minimum .395 shots per squad game to qualify as a leader

G/SoT -- Goals/Shot on target
Goals per shot on target
Minimum .111 shots on target per squad game to qualify as a leader
Note: Shots on target do not include penalty kicks

Dist -- Average Shot Distance
Average distance, in yards, from goal of all shots taken
Minimum .395 shots per squad game to qualify as a leader
Does not include penalty kicks

FK -- Shots from free kicks
Shots from free kicks

PK -- Penalty Kicks Made
Penalty Kicks Made

PKatt -- Penalty Kicks Attempted
Penalty Kicks Attempted
Expected

xG -- Expected Goals
xG totals include penalty kicks, but do not include penalty shootouts (unless otherwise noted).
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.

npxG -- Non-Penalty xG
Non-Penalty Expected Goals
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.

npxG/Sh -- Non-Penalty Expected Goals per shot
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.
Minimum .395 shots per squad game to qualify as a leader

G-xG -- Goals - xG
Goals minus Expected Goals
xG totals include penalty kicks, but do not include penalty shootouts (unless otherwise noted).
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.

np:G-xG -- Non-Penalty Goals - npxG
Non-Penalty Goals minus Non-Penalty Expected Goals
xG totals include penalty kicks, but do not include penalty shootouts (unless otherwise noted).
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.

Cmp -- Passes Completed
Passes Completed

Att -- Passes Attempted
Passes Attempted

Cmp% -- Pass Completion %
Pass Completion Percentage
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader

TotDist -- Total Passing Distance
Total distance, in yards, that completed passes have traveled in any direction

PrgDist -- Progressive Passing Distance
Progressive Distance
Total distance, in yards, that completed passes have traveled towards the opponent's goal. Note: Passes away from opponent's goal are counted as zero progressive yards.
Short

Cmp -- Passes Completed (Short)
Passes Completed
Passes between 5 and 15 yards

Att -- Passes Attempted (Short)
Passes Attempted
Passes between 5 and 15 yards

Cmp% -- Pass Completion % (Short)
Pass Completion Percentage
Passes between 5 and 15 yards
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader
Medium

Cmp -- Passes Completed (Medium)
Passes Completed
Passes between 15 and 30 yards

Att -- Passes Attempted (Medium)
Passes Attempted
Passes between 15 and 30 yards

Cmp% -- Pass Completion % (Medium)
Pass Completion Percentage
Passes between 15 and 30 yards
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader
Long

Cmp -- Passes Completed (Long)
Passes Completed
Passes longer than 30 yards

Att -- Passes Attempted (Long)
Passes Attempted
Passes longer than 30 yards

Cmp% -- Pass Completion % (Long)
Pass Completion Percentage
Passes longer than 30 yards
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader

Ast -- Assists
Assists

xAG -- Expected Assisted Goals
xG which follows a pass that assists a shot
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.

xA -- Expected Assists
Expected Assists
The likelihood each completed pass becomes a goal assists
given the pass type, phase of play, location and distance.
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.
Minimum 30 minutes played per squad game to qualify as a leader

A-xAG -- Assists minus Expected Goals Assisted
Provided by Opta.
An underline indicates there is a match that is missing data, but will be updated when available.

KP -- Key Passes
Passes that directly lead to a shot (assisted shots)

1/3 -- Passes into Final Third
Completed passes that enter the 1/3 of the pitch closest to the goal
Not including set pieces

PPA -- Passes into Penalty Area
Completed passes into the 18-yard box
Not including set pieces

CrsPA -- Crosses into Penalty Area
Completed crosses into the 18-yard box
Not including set pieces

PrgP -- Progressive Passes
Progressive Passes
Completed passes that move the ball towards the opponent's goal line at least 10 yards from its furthest point in the last six passes, 
or any completed pass into the penalty area. Excludes passes from the defending 40% of the pitch

Tkl -- Tackles
Number of players tackled

TklW -- Tackles Won
Tackles in which the tackler's team won possession of the ball

Def 3rd -- Tackles (Def 3rd)
Tackles in defensive 1/3

Mid 3rd -- Tackles (Mid 3rd)
Tackles in middle 1/3

Att 3rd -- Tackles (Att 3rd)
Tackles in attacking 1/3
Challenges

Tkl -- Dribblers Tackled
Number of dribblers tackled

Att -- Dribbles Challenged
Number of unsuccessful challenges plus number of dribblers tackled

Tkl% -- % of dribblers tackled
Percentage of dribblers tackled
Dribblers tackled divided by number of attempts to challenge an opposing dribbler
Minimum .625 dribblers challenged per squad game to qualify as a leader

Lost -- Challenges Lost
Number of unsucessful attempts to challenge a dribbling player
Blocks

Blocks -- Number of times blocking the ball by standing in its path

Sh -- Shots Blocked
Number of times blocking a shot by standing in its path

Pass -- Passes Blocked
Number of times blocking a pass by standing in its path

Int -- Interceptions
Interceptions

Tkl+Int -- Number of players tackled plus number of interceptions

Clr -- Clearances
Clearances

Err -- Errors
Mistakes leading to an opponent's shot
